Unmounting a component before a query is resolved via `useLazyQuery` lets the promise resolve instead of aborting the promise. (#10698)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/nine-lemons-swim.md

---
'@apollo/client': patch
---

> Changes the behavior of `useLazyQuery` introduced in [#10427](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/10427) where unmounting a component before a query was resolved would abort the promise. Instead, the promise will now resolve naturally with the result from the network request.

Author: ```suggestion
Changes the behavior of `useLazyQuery` introduced in [#10427](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/10427) where unmounting a component before a query was resolved would reject the promise with an abort error. Instead, the promise will now resolve naturally with the result from the request.
```

Other notable fixes:

> - Kicking off multiple requests in parallel with the execution function will now ensure each returned promise is resolved with the correct data. Previously, each promise was resolved with data from the last execution.

Author: ```suggestion
- Kicking off multiple requests in parallel with the execution function will now ensure each returned promise is resolved with the data from its request. Previously, each promise was resolved with data from the last execution.
```
